Quick update on the modern AI operator. Applications are open, seats are moving,
and here is how this is gonna work. 15 spots, that's it. Application only, I will review each
one of these applications personally because I need to lower first series before I put in my
own time into this. 8 weeks of time. The cohort is gonna be heavily discounted at beta pricing
than this will ever passed again in the future if I run it in the future. But I have another 3
tiered structure that revolves people who are fast. Tier 1. Genesis. There are gonna be 5 seats
at a 30% discount from the beta price. These are for the 5 operators, the 5 founding operators
who will get the deepest discount I will ever offer on the system. When these 5 operators
are locked, the option to do this is completely gone. Tier 2 is called Catalyst. These are the
next 5 seats. 15% of the beta pricing which is still a significant discount and it's still early.
But the Genesis window will have been closed from here. You'll still be paying more for waiting
but it's still an option. Tier 3 is operator. The final 5 seats which will be at beta pricing.
Already exclusive, already discounted compared to any other cohort I run or any other program I run.
But you won't be getting any additional discount on this. This is just the last option before
everything closes. Genesis. Catalyst. Operator. 5 seats each. The math is simple. The longer you
wait, the more you will be paid. And the longer you wait, the longer you lose your chance to even
be part of this cohort. Now here's how you lock your tier. 5000 rupees refundable deposit. That's
it. 5000 will put you in the front of the queue and this will secure your place in the tier that's
currently available to you. I will review your application. If you are selected, your 5000
directly goes to the total that you will be paid based on your tier. You just pay the remaining
balance of whichever tier you landed and if you're not selected, full refund. 5000 gets back to you.
No questions asked. Zero risk. But here's what the 5000 deposit does. It tells me that you're
serious. If I have 50 applications and 15 seats, the people with more skin in the game get priority.
Genesis applicants with deposits get looked at before anyone else. That's not a gimmick. That's
how I will filter for commitment. 8 weeks of live training. My exact cold email system. Offer
creation. AI implementations. We take your offer to the market. We send real emails to real prospects
during the program. I run my own campaign live alongside you and I show you how to close and
deliver clients. Plus another 3 months of asynchronous access to me and the entire community
after the 8 weeks end. 38 lakhs of proof that this works. 5500 dollars from one email. A business
that costs just 11000 rupees a month to run. I'm handing you the entire operating system. Genesis
has pie seats. When they fail, the 30% discount will be gone forever. You move to Catalyst at
15% off. And then operator at the beta pricing. Then the doors close entirely to this cohort and
I don't know if I'll do this anytime soon again. One project close from the system pays for the
entire program multiple times over. The ROI isn't a question. The only question is which tier you
end up in. And if you end up in the cohort at all. Apply below 5000 refundable deposit. I review
every application personally and respond within 48 hours. Genesis, Catalyst, Operator, 15 seats,
move now.